Add options for dynamical decoupling and parallel GST (#39)
iqm-finland/iqm-benchmarks: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

Version 2.23
============

> * Added options for dynamical decoupling to benchmark configurations of all benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added dynamical decoupling parameter option to configurations of all benchmarks.
```

> * Added visual aid plot for qubit selection; see GHZ example notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added visual aid plot for qubit selection (see, e.g., GHZ example notebook).
```
